Add mapping parameters documentation (#7115)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _field-types/mapping-parameters/index.md

---
layout: default
title: Mapping parameters
nav_order: 75
has_children: true
has_toc: false
---

# Mapping parameters

> Mapping parameters are used to configure the behavior of fields in an index. For parameter use cases, see the mapping parameter's respective page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapping parameters are used to configure the behavior of index fields. For parameter use cases, see a mapping parameter's respective page.
```

The following table lists OpenSearch mapping parameters.

Parameter | Description

> :--- | :---

Reviewer: Line 18: I'm not following "Specifies a field-level query time to boost." Can we rephrase for clarity? Line 21: It looks like we provide two sets of allowed values.

Author: Revised as follows: Specifies a field-level boost factor applied at query time. Allows you to increase or decrease the relevance score of a specific field during search queries.

> `analyzer` | Specifies the analyzer used to analyze string fields. Default is the `standard` analyzer, which is a general-purpose analyzer that splits text on white space and punctuation, converts to lowercase, and removes stop words. Allowed values are `standard`, `simple`, and`whitespace`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`analyzer` | Specifies the analyzer used to analyze string fields. Default is the `standard` analyzer, which is a general-purpose analyzer that splits text on white space and punctuation, converts to lowercase, and removes stop words. Allowed values are `standard`, `simple`, and `whitespace`. 
```

> `boost` | Specifies a field-level query time to boost. Default boost value is `1.0`, which means that no boost is applied. Allowed values are any floating-point number.

Author: ```suggestion
`boost` | Specifies a field-level boost factor applied at query time. Allows you to increase or decrease the relevance score of a specific field during search queries. Default boost value is `1.0`, which means no boost is applied. Allowed values are any positive floating-point number.
```

> `boost` | Specifies a field-level query time to boost. Default boost value is `1.0`, which means no boost is applied. Allowed values are any floating-point number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`boost` | Specifies a field-level query time to boost. Default boost value is `1.0`, which means that no boost is applied. Allowed values are any floating-point number.
```

> `coerce` | Tries to convert the value to the specified data type. Default value is `true`, which means OpenSearch tries to coerce the value to the expected value type. Allowed values are `true` or `false`.

Reviewer 2: Make this match the coerce page?

```suggestion
`coerce` | Controls how values are converted to the expected data type of a field during indexing Default value is `true`, which means OpenSearch tries to coerce the value to the expected value type. Allowed values are `true` or `false`.
```

> `coerce` | Controls how values are converted to the expected data type of a field during indexing Default value is `true`, which means OpenSearch tries to coerce the value to the expected value type. Allowed values are `true` or `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`coerce` | Controls how values are converted to the expected field data type during indexing. Default value is `true`, which means that OpenSearch tries to coerce the value to the expected value type. Allowed values are `true` or `false`.
```

> `copy_to` | Copies the values of this field to another field. There is no default value for this parameter. It is an optional parameter that allows you to copy the value of a field to another field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`copy_to` | Copies the value of a field to another field. There is no default value for this parameter. Optional.
```

> `doc_values` | Specifies whether the field should be stored on disk to make sorting and aggregation faster. Default value is `true`, which means the doc values are enabled. Allowed values are a single field name or a list of field names. Allowed values are `true` or `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`doc_values` | Specifies whether a field should be stored on disk to make sorting and aggregation faster. Default value is `true`, which means that the doc values are enabled. Allowed values are a single field name or a list of field names. Allowed values are `true` or `false`.
```

> `dynamic` | Determines whether new fields should be added dynamically. Default value is `true`, which means new fields can be added dynamically. Allowed values are `true`, `false`, or `strict`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dynamic` | Determines whether new fields should be added dynamically. Default value is `true`, which means that new fields can be added dynamically. Allowed values are `true`, `false`, or `strict`.
```

> `enabled` | Specifies whether the field is enabled or disabled. Default value is `true`, which means the field is enabled. Allowed values are `true` or `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`enabled` | Specifies whether the field is enabled or disabled. Default value is `true`, which means that the field is enabled. Allowed values are `true` or `false`.
```

> `format` | Specifies the date format for date fields. There is no default value for this parameter. It is used for date fields to specify the date format. Allowed values are any valid date format string, such as `yyyy-MM-dd` or `epoch_millis`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`format` | Specifies the date format for date fields. There is no default value for this parameter. Allowed values are any valid date format string, such as `yyyy-MM-dd` or `epoch_millis`.
```

> `ignore_above` | Skips indexing values that are longer than the specified length. Default value is `2147483647`, which means there is no limit on the length of the field value. Allowed values are any positive integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ignore_above` | Skips indexing values that exceed the specified length. Default value is `2147483647`, which means that there is no limit on the field value length. Allowed values are any positive integer.
```

> `ignore_malformed` | Specifies whether malformed values should be ignored. Default value is `false`, which means malformed values are not ignored. . Allowed values are `true` or `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ignore_malformed` | Specifies whether malformed values should be ignored. Default value is `false`, which means that malformed values are not ignored. Allowed values are `true` or `false`.
```

> `index` | Specifies whether the field should be indexed. Default value is `true`, which means the field is indexed. Allowed values are `true`, `false`, or `not_analyzed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`index` | Specifies whether a field should be indexed. Default value is `true`, which means that the field is indexed. Allowed values are `true`, `false`, or `not_analyzed`.
```

> `index_options` | Specifies what information should be stored in the index for scoring purposes. Default value `docs`, which means only the document numbers are stored in the index. Allowed values are `docs`, `freqs`, `positions`, or `offsets`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`index_options` | Specifies what information should be stored in the index for scoring purposes. The default value is `docs`, which means only the document numbers are stored in the index. Allowed values are `docs`, `freqs`, `positions`, or `offsets`.
```

> `index_options` | Specifies what information should be stored in the index for scoring purposes. The default value is `docs`, which means only the document numbers are stored in the index. Allowed values are `docs`, `freqs`, `positions`, or `offsets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`index_options` | Specifies what information should be stored in an index for scoring purposes. Default value is `docs`, which means that only the document numbers are stored in the index. Allowed values are `docs`, `freqs`, `positions`, or `offsets`.
```
